Pre-match page codes:
s=Scouter Name
e=Event
l=Match level
m=Match #
r=Robot
t=Team #
as=Auto Start Position

Auton page codes:
acs=Used Custom Signal Sleeve
acm=Cones: Missed/Dropped
act=Cones: In Terminal
agj=Cones: Ground Junction
alj=Cones: Low Junction
amj=Cones: Medium Junction
ahj=Cones: High Junction
aps=Parking Status

Teleop page codes:
tcm=Cones: Missed/Dropped
tct=Cones: In Terminal
tgj=Cones: Ground Junction
tlj=Cones: Low Junction
tmj=Cones: Medium Junction
thj=Cones: High Junction

End game page codes:
ecm=Cones: Missed/Dropped
ect=Cones: In Terminal
egj=Cones: Ground Junction
elj=Cones: Low Junction
emj=Cones: Medium Junction
ehj=Cones: High Junction
ebc=Beacon Capped
ecc=Circuit Completed
eps=Parking Status

Post match page codes:
hp=Had Penalties
nf=Non-Functional
to=Tipped Over
co=Comments
sar=Scouter's Accuracy Rating